Add multi-stage scenarios in Access Review API beta (#15387)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/accessreviewinstancedecisionitem-update.md

|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|

## HTTP request

Update a decision on an accessReviewInstance
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http

> PATCH /identityGovernance/accessReviews/definitions/{accessReviewScheduleDefinitionId}/instances/{accessReviewInstanceId}/stages/{accessReviewStageId}/decisions/{accessReviewInstanceDecisionItemId}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PATCH /identityGovernance/accessReviews/definitions/{accessReviewScheduleDefinitionId}/instances/{accessReviewInstanceId}/decisions/{accessReviewInstanceDecisionItemId}
```

```

> Update a decision from a stage of an accessReviewInstance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update a decision on a stage of an accessReviewInstance that has multiple stages
```

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
### Example 1: update a decision on an accessReviewInstance.
```http

> PATCH /identityGovernance/accessReviews/definitions/{accessReviewScheduleDefinitionId}/instances/{accessReviewInstanceId}/stages/{accessReviewStageId}/decisions/{accessReviewInstanceDecisionItemId}

Reviewer: I believe the description is correct. We deprecated the "/me" format, but the impact of the API is still the same
